TF migration docs - round 3 (#2038)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/sso/okta.md

1. Next, select authorized users. When done, click **Next**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta-5.png')} alt="Next button"/>

1. OKTA-side configuration is done. Now click **Done**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta-6.png')} alt="Done button"/>

1. In the `Sign On` menu, click on **View Setup Instructions**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta-7.png')} alt="View Setup Instructions"/>

1. Copy `ID Provided Metadata` from section 4 into your clipboard.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta-8.png')} alt="ID Provided Metadata"/>

1. Now login to https://app.testfairy.com, and open the **Preferences**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta-9.png')} alt="Preference link"/>

1. In the `Security` menu item `SAML/Single Sign-on` section, paste the copied `ID Provided Metadata` into the text area.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/security-saml-okta-xml.png')} alt="ID Provided Metadata"/>

1. TestFairy-side configuration is done.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta-11.png')} alt="success"/>

> Now, log out, and if SSO is configured into your account, the login page is replaced with a simple `Login with OKTA`.

Author: ```suggestion
Now, log out, and if SSO is configured into your account, the login page is replaced with the `Login with OKTA`.
```

Once removed from the group "QA", Alice is automatically removed from the "okta-qa" group in TestFairy, the next time she signs in.

To import groups each time a user signs into TestFairy, follow these instructions.

1. Open the TestFairy app in your OKTA account, select **Sing On**, and click **Edit**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta1a.png')} alt="Edit button"/>

2. Click on **Attributes**.
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta2.png')} alt="Attributes"/>

3. Under **Group Attribute Statements**, add a rule with the name: "groups" (in **lowercase**) and filter "Matches regex" with value `.*`. (dot asterisk)
   <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/test-fairy/acct-mgmt/okta3.png')} alt="Group Attribute Statements"/>

## FAQ

### What Is My Login URL?

Your user's login at https://yoursubdomain.testfairy.com/login
ACS URL is https://yoursubdomain.testfairy.com/login/sso
Entity ID is https://yoursubdomain.testfairy.com/

### Can TestFairy Reference An XML File?

Yes.

### Can TestFairy Reference IdP Metadata URL?

> Yes, however, this would be done manually by our support team.

Author: ```suggestion
Yes, however, this is done manually by our support team.
```

### How Does TestFairy Map Group/Role Memberships?

Mapping is one to many. A TestFairy user can belong to multiple groups.

> ### What Attributes Need To Be Included In The SAML Assertion?

Author: ```suggestion
### What Attributes Need to be Included in the SAML Assertion?
```
